Docs: refactor "skipping a build" section (#9717)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/builds.rst

    it's possible to run user-defined commands and :doc:`customize the build process <build-customization>`.

> Cancelling builds

Reviewer: This heading can definitely be improved to be explicit about what this is about. It's definitely [explanation](https://diataxis.fr/explanation/#the-language-of-explanation):

```suggestion
When to cancel builds
```

-----------------

There may be situations where you want to cancel a particular running build.
Cancelling running builds will allow your team to speed up review times and also help us reduce server costs and ultimately,
our environmental footprint.

Consider the following scenarios:

> * the build depends on an external situation that's not met yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the build has an external dependency that hasn't been updated
```

* there were no changes on the documentation files

> * the user wants it for any particular reason

Reviewer: This is not clear to me? Not 100% sure what it's trying to say, but we can be more explicit here, or not include it if it's just "other"

Author: My idea here was to communicate the developer could have "any reason" and know upfront they want to skip the build for this particular push/commit. Because of that "any reason" the user will add `skip ci` in the commit message.

I'm not sure how to explain that situation in a better way (without mentioning the commit message, since that's the implementation, not the scenario)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* many other use cases that can be solved with custom logic
```
